h1. FLUXX Engine

h2. Purpose

The FLUXX engine is a rails engine that created as a building block for basic FLUXX functionality.
Its application is not limited to FLUXX, it could be used for other applications that have similar base requirements.
It replaces and extends basic rails scaffolding to provide a starting point for any model-intensive application.

h2. Elements of the FLUXX Engine

h3. CRUD view support
* Parameterized way of configuring model-based views within a controller
** Allows you to configurably list the fields to be displayed within an index listing, show, or form.  Allows simple fields as well as partials.  Leverages formtastic to generate style-able HTML for forms.
* Display a list of records with support for searching using sphinx baked in
** May filter by keyword or search attribute
* Show a record 
** Configurable view template to display as HTML
** Export as configurable CSV via a custom query
** Export as configurable XLS via a custom query
** Show record's audit log 

h3. Model functions
* Method to configure specific date/time attributes to be stored in UTC as a day with no hours

h3. Multi Elements
* Store choices for a fixed set of lists
* TODO ESH: should we have a specific admin screen to manage these?  Seems like a really good idea...

h3. Admin Screen
* Allow add/edit/delete of admin models and their attributes 

h3. Index search with Sphinx support baked in

h3. Related data
* Track and make available for display related elements.  For example if the model being displayed is a contract, the users or organizations that are named on the contract.

h3. Real time updates
* Make it possible to send out real time updates

h3. Auto-complete 
* YUI-based autocomplete
* Server-side support for doing a search


h3. Pluggable search??
* Note: this has not yet been created
* This would allow use to substitute other search engines besides sphinx
