h1. FLUXX Dashboard

h2. Purpose

The FLUXX Dashboard is an independent User Interface Framework. It's a multi-tasking, multi-windowed environment modeled after a typical operating system interface. Flagship elements of the UI include:

h3. Dashboards

Re-usable, configurable dashboards let you control FLUXX so it works the way you do. Create dashboards modeled for specific tasks, reports, and environments. Switching between dashboards is easy.

h3. Stage

The FLUXX Dashboard has one stage. This is where the cards for your currently loaded dashboards are organized. Cards are placed horizontally and you can scroll through them left to right.

h3. Cards

Cards are the content-type specific windows you use to interact with information in your FLUXX instance. A card can have a list of entries, filters for a listing, a detailed view of one entry, a metadata tray related to the detailed view, and a popup modal specific to that card. You can rename, close, minimize, hide details, and re-arrange cards on your stage.

h3. Dock

The dock lets you see at a glance what cards are on your stage. You can also add new cards using the quick-add list and the card menu buttons.

h2. Detailed Functionality

h3. Card Icons

The Dashboard can use a server-side provided Icon mapping to make sure cards are supplied with specific icons pertaining to the URLs that are loaded into the card. The icon map uses this structure:

<pre><code>
  {
    '/people': {
      dock: '/images/cards/icons/people.dock.png',
      card: '/images/cards/icons/people.card.png'
    },
    '/': {
      dock: '/images/cards/icons/default.dock.png',
      card: '/images/cards/icons/default.card.png'
    }
  }
</code></pre>

The URL of content loaded into a card when its first rendered will determine which icon is mapped to it. The key of the icon map is a URL fragment which is considered the beginning of the URL being loaded into a card.

h2. Dependencies

* famfamfam silk icons
* jQuery
* jQuery UI
* YUI
* jQuery Colorbox
* jQuery Uploadify
* jQuery Transfer
* jQuery UI TableEdit
* jQuery Color
* SWF Object
* Underscore.js
* SASS

h2. Requirements

* Works best when rendered using up-to-date Webkit based browsers like Safari, Chrome, Appcelerator Titanium, Adobe AIR, and Mobile Safari.
* Operational in recent versions of Firefox.
* Not functional in Internet Explorer.
